welcome everybody to gig lane for this
Bank Holiday Monday fixture univar
premier FC United Manchester vs boston
United this will be a real test for FC
this afternoon Boston were a team of
real football league just a couple of
years ago and through financial
irregularities ended up in the univ on
north for than a big club boston good
support in this afternoon only welcome
at FC weekend no boston lost at all
we're golden hill and FC one very
entertaining game down a boxster so they
almost look good for FC United after an
early defeat and a drawdown eerie
giggling we did wonder when the first
victory was gonna come along and it did
on Saturday at buxton and here we are on
the Monday in what is really a big
fixture
that's a good father in the boxee
witness or say from some awesome
terrific safe
offside
coming for FC with Calif locker
trying to get it passed Liam Greene that
left but what you're not having any of
it the number nine John Froggatt puts it
through Ollie Ryan great cycle Bradley
Howard superb song well done the
throwing comes into the box Danny
Williams helping out on the back need to
get rid of it what's gone out for a
Boston throwing again they come on up
face the ball adds oh it's a cracking
goal Molly Ryan the ball comes over at
thought I think it was Bradley Howard he
didn't even jump for that I might be
wrong we couldn't seem to get rid of
that that ball we couldn't get rid of it
went back out for a throwing not sin and
we couldn't clear it comes over the top
and Ollie Ryan bangs one in after 34
minutes
need to make the goalkeeper work a bit
more but 35 minutes gone I've seen L
Boston United one so they made no
mistake with it Ryan guy wilson sure all
goalkeeper manages to bury it over if
you saw it like three minutes our
halftime let's take something out of
this carlos rocker with the corner
boston clear it only as far as
jimmybagley stunts ifc williams over
there Jamie badly over there closing
down oh it's gone through they've come
away with it Boston or the number eights
gone through john rowan we made a nice
run there john rowan and a good save
from some Ashton come on f cking chins
up
Boston coming back I was again no
pushing a ball through for all around
the goal scorer could have made it two
goals in a few minutes there only Ryan
quicker through here again or well they
could have scored again some Aston tell
you what the getting torn apart at the
back here at FC United midfield getting
court out it just by passing me feel put
me two or three this no question
so Ashton plays the ball forward to the
edge of the box drops down showering
ambala it will play for anything
I think is it Dave Chadwicks going to
get bought for this sent respect Dave
to all up in the air again Chadwick
since you're all right dummies it
looking for help so I in Turkey pasties
man takes you to the byline oh he's got
over the bar with Chris Bagley the care
Wilson almost like God cells and a mess
together there and he went over to
Barney sir Boston playedign did that so
it's a corner but they were but we got
an equaliser then the space on that
right from the keeper but again that was
Jerome two moves two crosses two
opportunities they're still not blown
he's surely going to in a second or so
and it forward again to a orange shirt
the yellow shirt they clear it picking
every loose ball now up of course and
that's it an FC and I go down at home by
a goal to nil to the visitors from
Lincolnshire Boston you know T the goal
came on 34 minutes from a corner Bradley
I would jump for the Bollywood sale over
his head and ally ryan he was latest
substituted thundered it into the net
for one mill and the score remained
there until they ended again so f CUA
couldn't get back into it man he played
all his cars roll the subs on Jerome
right look sharp on say it obviously
made two opportunities but to be fair to
Boston they played the game out they
play this at their own pace this short
shop it wasn't pretty to watch but it
was an effective gay come from
Boston United and FC after the excellent
winner Boston on Saturday well after
except as teams in this league were
gonna show up shop and play that is
against them and they're gonna have to
find an imaginative way through some
because they didn't show a great a lot
of that today they'd hidden a cat I
can't really add anything to that that
Roy agree with everything you say
difficult being behind him so long and
we didn't seem to have any options
Boston support as well happy with that I
think we'll just have to put it down as
a lesson learned sure magic can take a
take a lot from that game and we can
build on it which one of the things
that's what's gonna happen as we march
onwards and upwards in this league FC
United nil boston won
you